README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd -->

## visProteomics

**visProteomics** helps with the exploration and visualization of
proteomics data obtained with the process of fractionation.
Fractionation of samples is often used in proteomics to improve
signal-to-noise ratio and proteome coverage. **visProteomics** explores
attributes of proteins detected in different fractions through both
plotting and tabular representation.

Venn/Euler diagrams are widely used for data summarization and there are
many plotting tools available. **visProteomics** defines a complementary
tabular function to these plots. Resulting data frame summarizes
attributes of elements found in different regions of Venn diagram. This
generic function can be used for any data set.

## Installation

``` r
devtools::install_github("ivabudimir/visProteomics")
```

## Usage

Please check
[visProteomics](https://ivabudimir.github.io/visProteomics/) website.

## License

visProteomics is open source software, licensed under
[GPL-3](https://github.com/ivabudimir/visProteomics/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add vignettes info in README

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd -->

## visProteomics

**visProteomics** helps with the exploration and visualization of
proteomics data obtained with the process of fractionation.
Fractionation of samples is often used in proteomics to improve
signal-to-noise ratio and proteome coverage. **visProteomics** explores
attributes of proteins detected in different fractions through both
plotting and tabular representation.

Venn/Euler diagrams are widely used for data summarization and there are
many plotting tools available. **visProteomics** defines a complementary
tabular function to these plots. Resulting data frame summarizes
attributes of elements found in different regions of Venn diagram. This
generic function can be used for any data set.

## Installation

``` r
devtools::install_github("ivabudimir/visProteomics")
```

For installation of vignettes together with the package, add
“build\_vignettes=TRUE”.

## Usage

Please check
[visProteomics](https://ivabudimir.github.io/visProteomics/) website.

## License

visProteomics is open source software, licensed under
[GPL-3](https://github.com/ivabudimir/visProteomics/blob/master/LICENSE).
